you have it's going on everyone this is
Christian G from strength addicts calm
with ifbb pro my Elie an MPC competitor
Larry Anderson here at World Gym
Sheffield how's it going guys good
Christian are you doing pretty good
Larry how you doing good my back how are
you doing that alright good so today we
got you guys doing a good back workout
got a lot of exercises in there I guess
you know you guys don't really train
regularly how would you describe your
work on something just from the get-go
o our workouts are definitely a
combination of things one thing anybody
works out with us will notice is the
intensity is high the whole workout okay
we definitely push ourselves to the
limit now if you wanted this describe
the style whether it's heavy with us
high volume whether it's low volume well
it's fast-paced honestly it's all of the
above we train heavy we do high volume
within fast pace we squeeze we mix it up
throughout the workout so it's really no
downtime even you can ask any of the
competitors that I training my clients
or you know when Larry first our
training means like man how does this
big guys move so fast and he works out
so we keep the intensity high at the
whole time we keep a quick pace yet we
go heavy enough to really stimulate the
muscle so we want to a combination of
heavy work to build that dense thick
muscle that we do enough volume and
enough breath to really give the muscle
that round popping looks those
combination of it all hilarya I mean you
know for you train with Mike I mean like
how do you adapt it to it or
you know constantly challenging you like
you know obviously these mungus but like
you're also also notice you're pretty
strong as well and you seem to be pretty
resilient yeah I mean I've adapted into
a bit when I first started workout I'm
like oh I felt so out of shape with the
intensity in the fast pace of our
workouts but um a lot of our back you
know movements you'll notice the video
or a lot of rows you know hit more back
thicknesses especially for me I need
more thickness being you know a little
bit of smaller guy and so I mean as far
as you go Mike also what's your
philosophy you know like on four straps
the idea that you know you might have
someone spot you like the last couple
you know just really push yourself
beyond the point of fatigue I mean do
you believe in any is there is room
really is that a good path for growth or
most most definitely Christian honestly
as long as you're trained smart
intelligent of course reps definitely
play a role in our training all the
intensity techniques do you know he'll
notice in our training we do force reps
we do continuous sets so we do a lot of
super sets the rhythm so there's many
different technical intensity techniques
we do to up the intensity our cream take
us past that point of failure get extra
blood there to really stress that muscle
fashion and get the growth so honestly
just about every intensity technique
there is at one point in another which
were want to work out nothing with you
we do is we never do the same workout
twice we don't give our body a chance to
adapt the workouts you'll hear some
people say well I got a great faculty
well if you have a routine that's not
good because the muscle grows by not
being used to something the body has to
adapt to something that's not used to so
we stimulate we stimulate it but we've
been we keep it guessing so the body
feels like it has to a death and grow to
handle the workout then we change it up
again so we're constantly changing
workouts and adding in different
intensive techniques some and I noticed
you guys in this work on
bent over rows and guess I'm pretty
heavy I think he looked like someone or
315 405 some pretty heavy listed and you
guys never really compromised the form
so they think that's really important to
you know a lot of guys out there might
you know left 405 or even you know 485
wherever but your form is dog so I
mean I think it's pretty important to
keep it keep it consistent and keep it
proper form right for sure graded on the
bottom I mean what do you you have to
train happy to get big thick muscle no
doubt about it
to go hand again but if you're
compromising your form and you're using
momentum and you using all these other
stabilizer muscles instead of your back
you're really defeating a purpose so you
need to go heavy to build back thickness
to build a density we need to build the
size that we need what you have to use
good enough form where you're working
the targeted muscle that you're looking
to work so we try to combine the ball
and one thing I like about your
philosophy as well the training is a lot
of guys will train in a primary muscle
on a secondary like they'll do chests
and buys or back and tries but you guys
will only do arms on one day right but
its back it's only back right that's
what you you focus on the major muscle
group for them you know arms like it's
on there whatever that that's correct
Christian we trade one muscle group a
day that's tough very intensely
you know maybe 25 sets but at muscle
group we totally annihilate it so I mean
after doing that with intense that we
use in the amount of volume Nick's would
have your weight there's no way we'd
have the energy to put in an extra body
part and give it one a Dean so we
trained just about every day one body
part really intense and I think and
there's a so student when you sense you
because when you said that you wouldn't
have much energy for another
they think what happens is for people
that I've spoken to they'll actually
sort of steal back the major body part
so they have a little bit of energy left
in the secondary and so there's screw
themselves out of the good back workout
and they're also screw themselves out of
a good arm workout right just as far as
nutrition goes sort of just to wrap it
up like obviously we're not eating right
now but after typical workout what's
your rule on nutrition for yourself and
also for all the clients that you have
well it really depends where we're at in
our training if we're prepping for a
show how close we are to a show but
generally we try to time our nutrition
through outer nutrition or on our
workouts so we'll get a meal I'm a good
meal at about an hour core workout and
then right before the workout we'll
throw in some extra carbs are some extra
simple carbs we're throwing some aminos
and things of that nature creates a
glutamine
intra workout and then pulse workout you
know maybe another 150 grams of carbs
another 50 grams of protein post-workout
and then an hour after yet another meal
with tart with target protein awesome
well thank you guys very much for taking
the time for Larry Anderson I haven't
grown my Elias Christian dude strength
Alex calm Thank You Christian